Update readme with Jetstream (#370)
nats-io/nats.java: src/examples/java/io/nats/examples/examples.md

8. `benchmark` - benchmark that supports multiple threads
9. `stan` - A larger example that implements a server that can respond on multiple subjects, and several clients that send requests on those various subjects.
10. `stability` - a small producer and subscriber that run forever printing some status every so often. These are intended for long running tests without burning the CPU.
11. `NatsJsPub.java` - publishes jetstream messages

> 12. `NatsJsSub.java` - reads messages syncronously from Jetstream and manually acknowedges messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. `NatsJsSub.java` - reads messages synchronously from JetStream and manually acknowledges messages.
```

> 13. `NatsJsSubCb.java` - handles incoming Jetstream messages asynchronously and auto acknoledges messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. `NatsJsSubCb.java` - handles incoming Jetstream messages asynchronously and auto acknowledges messages. 
```
